I do not understand
I'll come in little by little
Where you are working hard trying to swallow my
Naa cute and erotic
Oops, I've worked hard
I'm not trying to get rid of me
truly
If it is, I will put it all the way
It's Ola
I do not want to move quickly but there is no one
Wow
Add a little more
Putsu
The
Naa worked hard nostrum
Sorry
Earth's forehead is 0 from the moment
The leaf that you are begging if you move quickly
It is good to say such a thing
Really it's good to not move this remains
Naa it does not Wakan be staring there
To know
To be honest
Fucked up +
I can not enter
Then I wonder if I really quit
Stop it Ya see the other the eye
Thats seems that more of me is scattered
There was no mine
Meet more of my only other limit of you